Create new content for Apps Structure topic (#1111)
mattermost/mattermost-developer-documentation: site/content/integrate/apps/structure/_index.md

Apps consist of three kinds of assets:

1. A [manifest]({{< ref "manifest" >}}), which contains App details such as name, version, requested permissions, and deployment methods.

2. [Call]({{< ref "call" >}}) handlers, which are functions that handle incoming requests from the Mattermost server.

3. [Static assets]({{<ref "static-assets">}}), such as images.

To interact with users, an App must [bind]({{< ref "bindings" >}}) a call handler to a [location]({{<ref "manifest#locations">}}) in the Mattermost user interface. These locations may be slash commands, toolbar and menu items, or embedded in posts.

![image](apps-calls_bindings_locations_v2.svg)

> A [Binding]({{< ref "bindings" >}}) may display a [Form]({{< ref "interactivity" >}}), or it may invoke a call that will return a form. Forms allow the user to input information with limited dynamic behavior, such as dynamically-populated pick lists, or form refreshes on field changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A [Binding]({{< ref "bindings" >}}) may display a [Form]({{< ref "interactivity" >}}), or it may invoke a call to do something. The call may also return a form. Forms allow the user to input information with limited dynamic behavior, such as dynamically-populated pick lists, or form refreshes on field changes. Forms are submitted to call handlers.
```

Author: I think Forms as a topic needs to be a peer to Bindings since it seems to be vitally important to the Apps framework. I thought the "interactivity" of an App was Forms, however that's not quite the case; it's how data gets into an App.

I'll create a new card on my board to update the documentation once this PR merges so we can get a comprehensive explanation of Forms out there. :slightly_smiling_face:
